{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2860
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 On the trip page where we see the map, we need to add an add expenses button for Wolthers staff and drivers, they can upload pictures or take photos with their phone. For desktop view, add a Receipt icon on the top button next to the dark/light mode toggle, this pops up a modal with upload pictures/pdf\'92s, user can uplaod many pictures/pdf\'92s at the same time, and the system reads them with OCR, and creates a table with date, time, venue name, possible reason (breakfast, coffee, lunch, dinner, drinks, taxi/uber, flight, train, other) - AI should be able to tell, then user can click accept. The system should also be able to tell by the card number, if it is registered already as the user\'92s own credit card, or if it was a pix or bank transfer to set for refund, or check if the credit card is registered as company card, then no refund necessary, if it cannot find the credit card on the system, ask user if it is company or personal card. For mobile view, add a always visible footer with add receipt, clicking on it will open camera to take picture of receipt, with OCR view, then it will check for the same reasons as for the desktop, can also be one or more picture\
\
\
Mobile view layout optimization of the trip pages:\
\
Logo centered. remove the start stops and end on top of the map, remove the title too, just add a simple calendar with + icon, when clicked, prompt if user wants to add all itinerary to calendar on phone. When opened, always instantly scroll down to current day, The itinerary should be cleaner for mobile, going full width from side to side to optimize the space, the header for each day shoould show day 1 - Mon, Sep 22 | Calendar icon with + and when clicked prompt if user wants to add this day to the calendar, hide the today, it is already being shown on with the color code. For each meeting/actibity, show only the title of the trip, no need to show more description, make the + note smaller too, maybe just a note like icon, next days should be connected to the same structure, no need to make them jump a space. On adding notes, remove the Captured images part, have a little camera icon in the bottom so user can take pictures.}